improvements to github exporter docs (#166)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/exporters/github-exporter/self-hosted-installation.md

  - Metadata: Readonly
  - Issues: Readonly
  - Pull Request: Read and Write

> - Repository Events (Needed to receive webhooks of changes from GitHub):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Repository Events (required to receive webhook changes from GitHub):
```
